Content for speculative loading (#29183)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/prerender/index.md

{{GlossarySidebar}}

Prerendering refers to the practice of speculatively [prefetching](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Prefetch) and _rendering_ pages that the user is likely to navigate to in the near future (the browser renders the page in the background in what is effectively an invisible separate tab).

> If the user then chooses to navigate to the page, display of its content can be near instant.

Author: Good call; done in next commit

> Prerendering refers to the practice of speculatively [prefetching](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Prefetch) and rendering pages that the user is _likely_ to navigate to in the near future (the browser renders the page in the background in what is effectively an invisible separate tab).

Reviewer: I'd quite like to highlight "rendering" instead of likely. My reasoning is that now I'm comparing to the prefetch page, and that is the one I want to differentiate against.

```suggestion
Prerendering refers to the practice of speculatively [prefetching](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Prefetch) and _rendering_ pages that the user is likely to navigate to in the near future (the browser renders the page in the background in what is effectively an invisible separate tab).
```

Author: Sure, updated in next commit

If the user then chooses to navigate to the page, display of its content can be near instant.

> Prerendering might be used, for example, to fetch the page resources linked by a "Next" button, or a link popup that a user hovers over, or the likely page target of the URL being entered into the address bar. The following [speculation rules](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Speculation_Rules_API) could be included in the head of a document to hint to the browser that it should prerender a couple of likely future navigations:

Reviewer: Perhaps list the actual pages, though it is completely inferable. I also "likely future navigations". Good words but you see them a lot and it is quite nice to provide a more concrete example using the word "next". Just a thought - nothing wrong with this.
```suggestion
Prerendering might be used, for example, to fetch the page resources linked by a "Next" button, or a link popup that a user hovers over, or the likely page target of the URL being entered into the address bar. The following [speculation rules](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Speculation_Rules_API) could be included in the head of a document to hint to the browser that it should prerender _next.html_ and _next2.html_, as either might reasonably be a target of the next navigation:
```

Author: Yup, sounds good. I've used your wording in my next commit.
